Documentation improvement [ci skip] (#493)
mediagis/nominatim-docker: 4.3/README.md

The following environment variables are available for configuration:

- `PBF_URL`: Which [OSM extract](#openstreetmap-data-extracts) to download and import. It cannot be used together with `PBF_PATH`.
  Check [https://download.geofabrik.de](https://download.geofabrik.de) 
  Since the download speed is restricted at Geofabrik, there is a recommended list of mirrors for importing the full planet at [OSM Wiki](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Planet.osm#Planet.osm_mirrors).
  At the mirror sites you can find the folder /planet which contains the planet-latest.osm.pbf

>   and mostly a /replication folder for the `REPLICATION_URL`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  and often a `/replication` folder for the `REPLICATION_URL`.
```

- `PBF_PATH`: Which [OSM extract](#openstreetmap-data-extracts) to import from the .pbf file inside the container. It cannot be used together with `PBF_URL`.

> - `REPLICATION_URL`: Where to get updates from. For example Geofabrik's update for the Europe extract are available at : https://download.geofabrik.de/europe-updates/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `REPLICATION_URL`: Where to get updates from. For example Geofabrik's update for the Europe extract are available at `https://download.geofabrik.de/europe-updates/`
```

The following environment variables are available for configuration:

- `PBF_URL`: Which [OSM extract](#openstreetmap-data-extracts) to download and import. It cannot be used together with `PBF_PATH`.
  Check [https://download.geofabrik.de](https://download.geofabrik.de) 

>   Since de DL speed is restrictet at Geofabrik, for importing the full planet there is a recommended list of mirrors at the [OSM Wiki](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Planet.osm#Planet.osm_mirrors).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Since the download speed is restricted at Geofabrik, there is a recommended list of mirrors for importing the full planet at [OSM Wiki](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Planet.osm#Planet.osm_mirrors).
```

Reviewer: You can click "Commit suggestion" to add this edit to your branch.

  At the mirror sites you can find the folder /planet which contains the planet-latest.osm.pbf
  and mostly a /replication folder for the `REPLICATION_URL`.
- `PBF_PATH`: Which [OSM extract](#openstreetmap-data-extracts) to import from the .pbf file inside the container. It cannot be used together with `PBF_URL`.

> - `REPLICATION_URL`: Where to get updates from. For exampe at Geofabrik under for example europe: https://download.geofabrik.de/europe-updates/
>                      The Europe member countrys update path in in https://download.geofabrik.de/europe/
>                     if only osm.pbf files visible delete at the end of the site URL the.html ...europe/ instad of ...europe.html          
>                      Other map update paths like this example https://download.geofabrik.de/countryname-updates/ 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `REPLICATION_URL`: Where to get updates from. For example Geofabrik's update for the Europe extract are available at : https://download.geofabrik.de/europe-updates/
Other places at Geofabrik follow the pattern `https://download.geofabrik.de/$CONTINENT/$COUNTRY-updates/`
```

Reviewer: You can click "Commit suggestion" to add this edit to your branch.

The following environment variables are available for configuration:

- `PBF_URL`: Which [OSM extract](#openstreetmap-data-extracts) to download and import. It cannot be used together with `PBF_PATH`.
  Check [https://download.geofabrik.de](https://download.geofabrik.de) 
  Since de DL speed is restrictet at Geofabrik, for importing the full Planet there is a recommended list of Mirrors at the [OSM Wiki](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Planet.osm#Planet.osm_mirrors).
  There you can find the folder /planet which contains the Planet-latest.osm.pbf

>   and mostly a /replication folder for the `REPLICATION_URL`.

Reviewer: I'm not sure I understand these two lines. What does "there" refer to?

Author: I change the sentece - the mirror sites where ment to explain where you have to look for the right folders if youre not familar there.

Author: i have rewritten the comfusing part.

- `PBF_PATH`: Which [OSM extract](#openstreetmap-data-extracts) to import from the .pbf file inside the container. It cannot be used together with `PBF_URL`.
- `REPLICATION_URL`: Where to get updates from. For exampe at Geofabrik under for example europe: https://download.geofabrik.de/europe-updates/
                     The Europe member Countrys Update Path in in https://download.geofabrik.de/europe/
                    if only osm.pbf files visible delete at the end of the Site URL the.html ...europe/ instad of ...europe.html          
                     Other Map-Update paths like this example https://download.geofabrik.de/countryname-updates/ 

> - `nominatim-flatnode:`: Set the path for the Flatnode File (Suggested:/nominatim/flatnode). 

Reviewer: That's not an environment variable. Please remove this. You can instead update the separate flatnode section.

  --name nominatim \
  mediagis/nominatim:4.3
```

> ### Configuration Example

Reviewer: I think this is useful but I would like to see it moved to a separate file and then linked to from the main readme.

Author: I managed to make the file, but i dont know what i can do to link the file inthe readme

Reviewer: The Markdown link syntax is simply `[examples](example.md)`

Author: Yeah gpt saved me again - but just at the end for links in forks etc.

Author: Should i additionally put a short sentence with the link in the readme?

Reviewer: Yes, that's fine.

Reviewer: Then also update the TOC at the top.

Author: Done!

> A setup example with almost all Flag possibilities including a short explanation:

Reviewer: Please double check you capitalisation. In English all nouns start with lower case letters.

Author: I looked the english grammar up mit gpt and i hope the capitalisation is now better

```sh
docker run -it \

	-v nominatim-flatnode:/nominatim/flatnode \

> #Sets the flatnode file, which is to reduce the load on the database when you plan to use multiple countrys together bigger than 6GB

Reviewer: Please move all the comments _above_ the line they are commenting and indent them to the same level as the code.

Author: done!

Besides the basic docker-compose.yml, there are also some advanced YAML configurations available in the `contrib` folder.
These files follow the naming convention of `docker-compose-*.yml` and contain comments about the specific use case.

## Nominatim UI

> You have to set the permissions for the Webserver group(default www-data) at /nominatim/website to 755.

Reviewer: I'm sorry, this has absolutely nothing do to with this container image and should be part of the nominatim-ui docs.

If you want you can create a separate discussion where you document how to set up the UI and then add a link to the "Assorted use cases section".

Author: Removed the Permission doku and made a PR there
